[Music]
oh wait wait what is that single back
let's do it
what happens if every cartoon characters
drawing your computer are just static
pictures and have a story with friends
new game software that's used for
drawing from Microsoft for 32 years
this one is from a PC belong to user as
he always drawn his current dragon and
Emma space so that's part of the cannon
this is cool
Tyranno dress you are playing you are
drawing dragons in MS paid from drawing
Tyranno dragons X 8 to say that hello
there my name is Tyranno dragon I've
drawn in this computer for many years so
how about we start the story now what's
it started oh it still fades away
see you at the next scene Tyranno dragon
okay I'm the narrator inside the paint
world this is a place where all the
characters drawn using pain are living
in including Tara no dragon - rhino
dragon Toronto dragon where's that
dragon go oh well there you are what are
you doing well I've been stated paetynn
world but I never seen how outside the
paint world so I was planned to go
outside paint world since most of my
friends already going outside the pay
world the way are you not go that's my
problem
I can't decide if I should going on yeah
that's your best friend that's it why am
I not asked sky dragon though maybe you
can't come
me to go outside paint world house got
dragon you used all right yeah hello
there Tyranno drew what's up I come here
to ask something I have a plan to go
outside the paint world and I need a
companion would you like to accompany me
sure
I also ever wanted to go outside I'm
happy I'm happy for here that you also
have the same you know it's really
[__] weird he keeps saying paint
world we played this other bootleg like
where they kept saying the did gym or
they kept saying to something world it
was like really it's like a common thing
to put world in these I'm not saying
this I'm actually a little bit dyslexic
so reading this is like quadruple I'm
happy for here that you also have the
same come on let's go your voice suits
him so Tyranno dragon and the sky dragon
decided to go outside the paint world
okay now we're outside the paint world
why don't they get out so easy
Toronto dragon began to examine to where
they are now sky dragon look it's
desktop screen wait are you mean we're
now in I love this we're already outside
the paint world our friends got friends
on the outside world that's great but
who will be the first one to visit oh
[__] cross right let's dragon an angel
dragon how about cross dragon cross
remember see him for a long time no no
no he's got a thing with the Romans
[Laughter]
he's Jesus fine he might be a little
egoistic but he also can feel lonely
okay
[Laughter]
hello cross dragon long time no see wait
can I put it can I put a little bit of a
stop on this what is bones of a rabbit
oh my god why would he put these here he
think you're gay I don't like your tone
Ripley grip what is this guys that's
crazy talk story time with sky dragon
just dance my talent I like I like that
one what he think you're gay I could see
that you idiot write it so he says oh so
cuz that's you oh my god it was nice to
meet you chuck pterano dragon and you
too sky dragon wait a minute I thought
you're gonna act rude to us
what the hell yeah nothing definite he
was rude yeah he said stuck oh there we
go
he just they were in shock that he said
that I loved what the heck are you
thinking sky dragon cross dragon can't
be rude cause dragon can't be forever a
rude guy yeah oh my why am i say that
that was [__] rude
I'm sorry cross dragon it's okay it's
always happened everyone they never met
they're long time I'm glad you changed a
lot from egoistic guy into a carry and
forgiving guy anyway what are you doing
I'm looking at the folder of our old
videos Arnold videos yes this is our old
videos back at 2015 you've changed so
much huh whoa that's right we change so
much like that extra added nothing oh
you want to watch some of these old
videos I don't know we have another
things to do right now sky dragons right
we have another things to do oh that's
not good anyway before you go can I ask
you something just say it
what's that have you seen cyborg dragon
before no we haven't
why in the past I always act rude to him
I always mocked it football is drama
everyone and she's asking these two guys
do which he has to see how long have you
apologize on her behalf
you know it's a woman the second we
[__] turn you guys talk is gonna
start it's yeah well it's gonna kind of
eyelashes I thought oh maybe you're
right no I think it is a guy though they
keep saying this guy you would for a
rude guy to a forgiving guy sorry go
ahead cross dragon oh you always mocked
him by his appearance and now I realize
I'm not supposed to march on like that
because of his appearance then what are
you asked for if you made him can you
please tell him I asked him for a
forgiveness
surely will tell have you felt sorry
done I'm sure you will forgive you you
stuck it in it oh thanks you guys
I'm happy to have friends like you my
guys you cry yeah are you crazy
no I'm happy don't be crying we've
forgiven you for a long time ago
wait that's not sure didn't the blue he
didn't wild sky dragon just say she was
rude long times a subjective thing man
it could have been
I'm sure cyborg dragon will feel the
same this guy's pretty organized he's
got everything all laid out nice Thanks
we'd better go now
okay bye frustrated see you later
[Music]
they're such good friends oh is that
happy that deserved hmm I guess we get
to visit the other one now I [__]
looking forward to it really I do I'll
shut up why don't you later on their way
[Laughter]
you doing here why are you scaring us
he's a thug what is this we just have a
plan to be Gaia dragon I don't remember
that being the name dragon his friends
will we're still in paint world
[Music]
what is this him my friends from the
bait world only cream dragon appears the
greed rugged he said that okay well what
did he say I'll say it again does it
look a green dragon appearance that's
all I need to know oh this is Gaia
dragon it's got a [__] up what [__]
Oh Mike and Melissa helmet he does these
guys nice little ears hyper dragon stop
that they're just my friends
Kyah dragons at you yes it's me
it's been so long to Rhino dragon since
I live paint the webpage world and
discovered the outside of paint world
who is this purple angry guy he's he's
still the new and learned guy his name
is hyper dragon it's okay they're just
my friends they're just my old friends
can you just there he goes
so you're now have a personal assistant
Oh God at least these these characters
are ridiculous I love them oh god I need
at least one person what the [__] did
you just say well I don't think you're
really needy I don't I don't think you
really need it
someone please make amazing fun I really
want borders I'm not kidding this guy's
mind is so interesting this [__]
rocks well yeah well how can I oh that's
design jagged well how can I help
Oh about that I wish she said her Oh ask
about cyber or drag elements overlay
wait was that the call to action like
the the journey is to apologize for that
yeah I think that's the whole points to
apologize for somebody who's like a
toxic person
haven't you seen cyber dragon what this
cut the music out this is dramatically
smelt open to you know guy dragon what's
wrong
yeah why are you so freaked out it's not
good to meet him I've met him once and I
see he's not the dragon I'm going before
he was once a normal dragon just like us
but something terrible happened
he said about his anger about being the
only dragon with messed-up body we were
even blame is create or for making him
like that he didn't know that it was
just the creator's friend who messed him
up by raising some of his body parts he
got his right hand a little part of his
tail his wings part of his chest and his
left eye erased by the evil boy while
the Creator left his computer on without
saving the drawing progress on paint
when he found his conditions he tried to
fixed him by giving him a new design
haha but he didn't like it don't liked
it oh my god good crap holy crap
which happy to win a badge that was
really do yes he is he even became a
laughingstock on pink on top
everyone's mocking him because of his
luck even cross dragon man I never
thought of like making it like a
cinematic universe instead of mspaint I
I'm telling you man I really do want to
see more of this world I'm the only
friend he have in the past
but not anymore in present that's policy
right there after many years I never met
him again I thought he was gone I know
he was gone I don't where he's now I
don't know frost dragon said if he felt
sorry about him for what he did he even
asked for forgiveness if we told him
maybe he could change this is the
greatest story ever told he tried to fix
their talks right
I doubt about him saying that but I hope
if he could listen to you only if you
can find him sure we are
hmm come on sky dragon okay the sky
dragon have like airplane wings cool
audacity look at all these folders
always could beat Arizona fire [__]
still remember about this sky dragon we
need to fight cyber dragon and told him
to changed his MA
about to find him don't know where he is
the answer from that button buttons
before and after music in the windows
button it was someone else you missed
you up by up to make you cry if nobody
cares about you the way the Creator put
you in this video
everyone are care about you don't care
about you
Kross dragon even feel sorry about you
after you heard about your dragon he
already told it to us they're laughing
at you because they aren't know about
what happened to you before after they
know about it they begin to understand
about your condition this is really nice
you aren't supposed to feel shame about
your appearance
yeah well I I were your friends cycle
driving no matter how are you no matter
how you are looking don't blow revenge
or anger thank you Tyranno dragon and
you choose schedule key to do anything
he did the most change my heart and my
with his backward wings
I wish oh boy Oh funk
now when I'll Final Fantasy 7 with a
black screen and dead silences rocks so
cyborg dragon is now back to paint world
nobody laugh laughing or mocking him
because of his luck everything now in
peace you want a sequel
oh god that [__] rocked